Add changes regarding the faucet and instructions (#25)
yetanotherco/aligned_layer_tendermint: README.md

```

This is the format used by the CLI.

## Tutorials

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> The url, and endpoints used are APIs autogenerated by ignite
> The first_node must be started with `ignite chain serve`.
> Which gives:
>  - Tendermint node: http://0.0.0.0:26657
>  - Blockchain API: http://0.0.0.0:1317
>  - Token faucet: http://0.0.0.0:4500

### How to Create a new Address

The following command shows all the possible operations regarding keys:

```sh
alignedlayerd keys --help
```

Set a new key:

```sh
alignedlayerd keys add :q --account <id_int32>
```

Use the faucet in order to have some balance:

> [!TIP]
> If you don't remember the address, you can do the following:
> `alignedlayerd keys show <id_string>` or `alignlayerd keys list`

> A POST request can be sent using openAPI specs of:
> 
> Faucet Link: [http://endpoint:4500/](http://endpoint:4500/)
> 
> Or it can be sent with CURL:

Reviewer: nitpick, openAPI is the standard, Swagger UI is the tool. 

Also, I think is better to keep it a single paragraph as it's the same idea.

```suggestion
A POST request can be sent to the faucet endpoint at [http://localhost:4500/](http://localhost:4500/), either interactively using Swagger UI, or with CURL:
```
